README.md, before:

# Tech Quiz

## Description

This app simply lets you take a quiz where you have to answer technical questions about Python. The quiz consists of ten questions and are randomized everytime you take it!

## Installation

This app is not hosted, so you have to run it locally. First, you'll need to install any dependencies by typing `npm install` in the command line. Next, you'll want to run `npm run build`. You'll then have to run `npm run seed` to get the questions. You can find a video on how to run the app [here]().

## Usage

In order to start the application, run `npm run start:dev` in the command line after completing the installation steps. A new window should appear in your browser. Click the 'Start Quiz' button to begin the quiz. To answer each question you need to click on the numbered button to the left of the answer you want to select. After you answer all ten questions you'll get to see how many you got right. You can also click the 'Take New Quiz' button to take another quiz. If you encounter an issue or want to make sure everything is working correctly, run `npm test` in a new terminal after starting the application.

Commit message:

updated README to include instructions on testing and to rename the .env.EXAMPLE file

README.md, after:

# Tech Quiz

## Description

This app simply lets you take a quiz where you have to answer technical questions about Python. The quiz consists of ten questions and are randomized everytime you take it!

## Installation

This app is not hosted, so you have to run it locally. First, you'll need to install any dependencies by typing `npm install` in the command line. Next, you'll want to run `npm run build`. You'll have to rename the .env.EXAMPLE file to just .env and then run `npm run seed` to get the questions. If you want to make sure everything is displaying properly, you can run `npm run test:component`. If you encounter issues or just want to make sure everything is functioning correctly, you can run `npm test` in a new terminal after you've started the application. You can find a video on how to run the app [here]().

## Usage

In order to start the application, run `npm run start:dev` in the command line after completing the installation steps. A new window should appear in your browser. Click the 'Start Quiz' button to begin the quiz. To answer each question you need to click on the numbered button to the left of the answer you want to select. After you answer all ten questions you'll get to see how many you got right. You can also click the 'Take New Quiz' button to take another quiz.
